Ok you foaming
You have been by the side of the Supreme Emperor since you were a child
The emperor is so kind to you
Why would you do that?
Who ate the rest of your ignorance?
Ask the emperor to grant the old slave a death
That being the case
This is for you
Emperor Emperor
Xi silently followed the Supreme Emperor for decades
In the past, he also helped the emperor
Several princes were brought up by him
The emperor is still seriously ill
If death
I'm afraid the Supreme Emperor will be sad when he wakes up
Emperor
So be it.
Put Mammy Xi in jail first
Wait until the Supreme Emperor recovers before making a decision
Raincoat
You stay and detoxify the Supreme Emperor
Everyone else leave
Wait a minute.
Xi Mengmeng
You poisoned the Supreme Emperor
To frame me
The princess thinks so
So be it.
On that day, you helped me to the top for my bad name
I had thought that
In this palace and outside the palace
Finally, someone is nice to me
It seems
I think too much
It was the old slave who disappointed the princess
The old slave made a big mistake that cannot be repaid
I dare not ask anyone for forgiveness
Only ask the princess to tell the prince
The Son of Heaven is heartless
Royal No Relatives
Under power
Blood relatives cannot be fully trusted
What's more
What did he mean by that?